INTLY-4555: Document the display of repo in solution explorer (#100)
integr8ly/user-documentation: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/gs-publishing-walkthroughs-proc.adoc

The home page of {webapp} lists the {walkthrough-name}s from all the Git repositories you are subscribed to. Any user can add {walkthrough-name}s to your cluster.

For more information on writing {walkthrough-name}s, see documentation on xref:gs-writing-walkthroughs-proc.adoc[Creating {walkthrough-name}s].

> Note: You can access the GitHub repository that contains the {walkthrough-name} source code, by clicking the *Repository* link located in the upper right corner of the *All Solutions Patterns* tab in the Solution Explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: You can access the Git repository that contains the {walkthrough-name} source code by clicking the *Repository* link located in the upper right corner of each group of Solution Patterns on the *All Solutions Patterns* tab in the Solution Explorer.
```
